Update README. Add FAQ (#294)
Katello/client-bootstrap: README.md

* An Activation Key that provides a content view with access to Puppet and other tools
* If `subscription-manager` is not installed or is unavailable in the host's configured repositories, a URL pointing to a repository with the `subscription-manager` RPMs is required.

# Frequently asked Questions:

We *strongly* recommend reading this document in its entirety _prior_ to running `bootstrap.py`. The script has a plethora of options for near any migration or Registration use-case.

* **Q**: Why does `bootstrap.py` require a username and password to be used?

> * **A**: By default, `bootstrap.py` attempts to configure a host with a proper hostgroup, environment, organization, and location by making an API call to foreman. The API requires authentication, and as such so does `bootstrap.py`. Alternatively, in many cases, hostgroups aren't used, and it is desired to register a host solely for content management. In this usage (when either the `--skip foreman` or `--content-only` options are provided), only an activation key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **A**: By default, `bootstrap.py` attempts to configure a host with a proper hostgroup, environment, organization, and location by making API calls to Foreman. The API requires authentication, and as such so does `bootstrap.py`. Alternatively, in many cases, hostgroups aren't used, and it is desired to register a host solely for content management. In this case (when either the `--skip foreman` or `--content-only` options are provided), only an activation key is required.
```

* **Q**: Why doesn't `bootstrap.py` use python-requests?
* **A**: When designing `bootstrap.py` we wanted to make (and keep) the number of additional packages as minimal as possible, especially as `bootstrap.py` is only run once, it seems wasteful to install packages for a one-time use case. `bootstrap.py` assumes that only the standard python modules are available.

* **Q**: Why didn't you write `bootstrap.py` in Ruby (or $OTHER language)?
* **A**: Ruby is not a default package in most installations of RPM family distributions. To be as applicable to the largest number of users (and to not require a large amount of dependencies), `bootstrap.py` is written in Python.  

* **Q**: Why are the SSH keys for remote execution not deployed by default?
* **A**: The remote execution public keys, if copied locally will allow a user with appropriate permissions to run jobs against that system. We believe that changing the security profile of an existing system should be 'opt-in', not 'opt-out'. Please pass the `--rex*` options to setup Remote Execution.

* **Q**: My systems have short hostname, why does `bootstrap.py` not work properly?

> * **A**: Hostnames are a unique identifier within Foreman and are used in many places such as puppet certificate generation. They are required to be FQDNs. If you have short hostnames and cannot change them, see the **Providing an arbitrary Fully Qualified Domain Name** section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **A**: Hostnames are a unique identifier within Foreman and are used in many places such as Puppet certificate generation. They are required to be FQDNs. If you have short hostnames and cannot change them, see the [**Providing an arbitrary Fully Qualified Domain Name**](#providing-an-arbitrary-fully-qualified-domain-name) section below.
```
